## spectools

The furo spec toolkit

### Synopsis

Furo spectools contains helpful generators, converters, sanitizer for the furo specs.
Read more about the single commands in the see also section below.

Calling spectools without any arguments and flags will run the flow runner with the default flow. 
Modify your default flow in the .spectools config file to your needs. You can set any of the sub commands as default.

> Note: Environment variables are prefixed with **FST**. 
>
> To set the specformat with the environment variable use **FST_SPECFORMAT=value**


```
spectools [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --config string   config file (default is CWD/.spectools.yaml)
  -h, --help            help for spectools
```

### SEE ALSO

* [spectools checkImports](spectools_checkImports.md)	 - Checks and correct the imports
* [spectools exportAsYaml](spectools_exportAsYaml.md)	 - Exports all specs and the current config in one yaml file to stdout
* [spectools genEsModule](spectools_genEsModule.md)	 - generate es6 spec module
* [spectools genMessageProtos](spectools_genMessageProtos.md)	 - Generate the message protos from the type specs.
* [spectools genServiceProtos](spectools_genServiceProtos.md)	 - Generate service protos from the specs
* [spectools init](spectools_init.md)	 - Creates a initial spectools config
* [spectools install](spectools_install.md)	 - Installs the dependencies
* [spectools muSpec2Spec](spectools_muSpec2Spec.md)	 - Updates the type specs with the definitions from the type µSpecs.
* [spectools muSrvSanitize](spectools_muSrvSanitize.md)	 - Sanitize muServices
* [spectools run](spectools_run.md)	 - Runs a configured flow.
* [spectools spec2muSpec](spectools_spec2muSpec.md)	 - A brief description of your command
* [spectools watch](spectools_watch.md)	 - Watch spec changes and generate protos.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Sep-2020
